the next thing let's talk about is
actually playing between your crash
cymbals and your snare drum different
rhythms between that so let's see how
that goes you can't see my crash cymbals
oh they're up here I promise you they're
right here maybe you can see this one
hello okay can you see him you can't see
him probably all right so imagine crash
cymbals up here and maybe I'll move my
camera so you can see better how's that
Sam all right let's take a quick look at
playing pair tools between your crash
cymbals snare and bass drum just like
before when we were doing the Tom's
let's play them so each accent at
sixteenth notes each accent is on the
cymbal either hand you can do wherever
you want and then you get your bass drum
going as well with it so let's see how
that sounds once you get done flying
those crash cymbals on one two three and
four start breaking it up a little bit
maybe just play them on you know instead
of just playing on one two three and
four start splitting them up that accent
on different rhythms but always keep
that standard paradiddles going keep the
thing going all the time so here we go
here's another example
similar pattern but basically you're
going to utilize the peridot keeping the
peridot is going but maybe you get this
little groove going in between your
snare drums so you're working your way
in this little circle let's try that
both of those two things together you
can kind of get a pretty cool groove
with it so let's try that again slowly
we'll do slow motion for you
now let's take a quick look at playing a
cool groove doing some of the paradiddle
things we worked on between the hi-hat
and the snare as well as it's going to
crash cymbals so let's see where that
goes
you